Fix building Distribute module on Xcode 12.5 (#2301)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center Distribute

* **[Fix]** Fix linking framework `AuthenticationServices`.

> * **[Fix]** Fix compiling Distribute module on Xcode 12.5.

Reviewer: It was just a warning, right? It will prevent building only with "warning as errors" setting

Author: Yes, but if I get it right we compile it with this flag enabled. See [Config/Global.xcconfig#L154](https://github.com/microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple/blob/develop/Config/Global.xcconfig#L154)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix a warning in Distribute module that prevented using SDK as a source code on Xcode 12.5.
```
